In healthy pregnancies,
mild to moderate exercise
poses no threat to
you or your baby.
In addition, it can help
prevent a number of
health conditions, such
as excess weight gain
or gestational diabetes.
So I would encourage you
to continue to exercise.
Great. So I can keep running?
And if I wanted to increase
activity, is that okay?
If you'd like to start
additional activity,
I would suggest low-impact
activities like brisk walking,
indoor stationary
cycling, or prenatal yoga.
But if you have any
spotting, bleeding,
severe abdominal pain, back,
or side pain, cramping,
or contractions, you need to
notify your healthcare provider.
Okay. So as long as I
feel good I can exercise?
Yes. At each visit,
we'll see how you
and your baby are doing.
And if you need to adjust
your exercise routine,
we'll let you know.
I'm going to get the
nurse practitioner
to come and
assess you now,
and I'll also get
the information
on diet during pregnancy.
I'll bring it to you after you
see the nurse practitioner.
Okay. Thank you.